Bandit/README.md, before:

# Bandit

This folder contains learning summaries for the Bandit wargame from OverTheWire. The purpose is to document concepts, approaches, tools, and techniques explored while completing the challenges. All writeups are **non-spoiler**: no passwords or direct solutions are included.

Each `levelXX.md` file provides a summary of the lessons learned in that level, including the commands used and high-level steps taken.

## Levels Completed
- [Level 1](level01.md) – Basic file discovery and file-reading.
- [Level 2](level02.md) - Handle files with special characters.
- [Level 3](level03.md) - Handle filenames including spaces.
- [Level 4](level04.md) - Handle hidden files.
- [Level 5](level05.md) - Examine a filetype from its contents.
- [Level 6](level06.md) - Filtering files by size and permissions.
- [Level 7](level07.md) - Filtering files by user/group ownership.
- [Level 8](level08.md) - Searching for patterns in files.
- [Level 9](level09.md) - Sorting data and filtering adjacent lines.
- [Level 10](level10.md) - Extracting and printing strings.
- [Level 11](level11.md) - Base64 encoding and decoding.
- [Level 12](level12.md) - Translating characters.
- [Level 13](level13.md) - Hexdumps, identifying file types and handling multiple compression formats.
- [Level 14](level14.md) - SSH key-based authentication.
- [Level 15](level15.md) - Transmitting input through netcat.
- [Level 16](level16.md) - Transmitting input through netcat with SSL encryption.
- [Level 17](level17.md) - Nmap host and service scanning.
- [Level 18](level18.md) - Comparing changes in files.
- [Level 19](level19.md) - Running commands on a remote server via SSH without opening a terminal.
- [Level 20](level20.md) - Setuid binaries.

## Notes
- Passwords and sensitive data are never included.  
- Commands listed are general exploration commands; no direct solutions are provided.  
- This README will be updated as more levels are completed.

Commit message:

Added bandit level21.md, bandit level22.md, bandit level23.md.

Bandit/README.md, after:

# Bandit

This folder contains learning summaries for the Bandit wargame from OverTheWire. The purpose is to document concepts, approaches, tools, and techniques explored while completing the challenges. All writeups are **non-spoiler**: no passwords or direct solutions are included.

Each `levelXX.md` file provides a summary of the lessons learned in that level, including the commands used and high-level steps taken.

## Levels Completed
- [Level 1](level01.md) – Basic file discovery and file-reading.
- [Level 2](level02.md) - Handle files with special characters.
- [Level 3](level03.md) - Handle filenames including spaces.
- [Level 4](level04.md) - Handle hidden files.
- [Level 5](level05.md) - Examine a filetype from its contents.
- [Level 6](level06.md) - Filtering files by size and permissions.
- [Level 7](level07.md) - Filtering files by user/group ownership.
- [Level 8](level08.md) - Searching for patterns in files.
- [Level 9](level09.md) - Sorting data and filtering adjacent lines.
- [Level 10](level10.md) - Extracting and printing strings.
- [Level 11](level11.md) - Base64 encoding and decoding.
- [Level 12](level12.md) - Translating characters.
- [Level 13](level13.md) - Hexdumps, identifying file types and handling multiple compression formats.
- [Level 14](level14.md) - SSH key-based authentication.
- [Level 15](level15.md) - Transmitting input through netcat.
- [Level 16](level16.md) - Transmitting input through netcat with SSL encryption.
- [Level 17](level17.md) - Nmap host and service scanning.
- [Level 18](level18.md) - Comparing changes in files.
- [Level 19](level19.md) - Running commands on a remote server via SSH without opening a terminal.
- [Level 20](level20.md) - Setuid binaries.
- [Level 21](level21.md) - Using netcat to interact with a setuid binary
- [Level 22](level22.md) - Inspecting cron jobs in linux
- [Level 23](level23.md) - Variables and hashing in cron jobs

## Notes
- Passwords and sensitive data are never included.  
- Commands listed are general exploration commands; no direct solutions are provided.  
- This README will be updated as more levels are completed.
